In this case, the voters should vote mainly on the issue of the impasse.
In this case, the biggest problem in our country is whether the impasse will make this situation worse or better.
This affects the people of Japan, who are the only voters.
This is also a major problem that should be related to the political and political well-being of the country.
The government and the opposition want to fix the impasse, but they are taking a policy that will make both sides of the road worse.
This is not a policy, but their work is taking that policy and gradually making the country worse.
If we talk about this in reality, the impasse means that the number of people in the country is in trouble.
It is the first priority to make this situation easier than to make everyone heavy.
In the case of the impasse in the United States, Japan has made a very large-scale tax.
In other words, the tax on the Japanese people has not increased by 100 million yen per year.
This is the same for the Seiyu Association and the current Minseito.
The fact is that the tax on the Japanese people has increased.
The fact that the tax has increased does not mean that the impasse will be fixed.
The reason for this is that the impasse will be made worse.
The evidence shows that the impasse has become worse for several years, one year after the other, and that the impasse will not be fixed.
However, the tax will continue to increase, and the impasse will not be fixed after many years.
The impasse will continue to increase, and the impasse will become more expensive, and the stock will become less profitable.
Therefore, the impasse will continue to increase.
If this is done as per the rules of the law, the Japanese tax will be completely exhausted in the next 5 to 6 years.
If the tax is exhausted, it will not be possible to pay the foreign debt.
The face of the independent country will be tainted.
In addition, the Japanese tax will become an impasse tax, and it will eventually become the same as the Hoku tax.
The Hoku tax will not be able to buy things.
따라서日本は十分尊敬しない 良 stigma
The Japanese government is just not suffering, and the touches of the state are not more
evident than the suggestions of the national public.
This is why Japan is so lax.
giro .
Therefore, it is not the waist that when they are going to fix this problem, and the situation changes completely.
just like Sum vergomens.
and showed a face that seemed to be in conflict with the other.
However, it is not yet in conflict with the parliament.
In other words, the trial of the dead body has not been held.
In this case, the government suddenly disbanded the parliament,
and ordered the whole country to hold a trial against the voters.
In other words, it was clear that it was going to hold a vote.